I really like this. 
I am happy with my performance and look forward to many things to come. 
I'm so grateful for Covid to almost be over.
Covid is taking a big toll on me. 
Day was pretty amazing😃😃
I am very happy with my performance and will celebrate it. 
I don't like studying at Mudd
Online school is really boring. 
I thought I was gonna die from Covid. 
I swear the robber saw me. 
I want to go home. 
I can't wait to go home. 
I can't wait to go home!
I can't wait to go home!!!
The Bears will always lose to the Packers. 
I love you please come back. 
The Cost Of War Can Never Truly Be Accounted For. We must fight for those who cannot. If we don't stand today, who will be left to stand up tomorrow? 
You were the chosen one! It was said that you would destroy the Sith, not join them! Bring balance to the force, not leave it in darkness! You were my brother Anakin! I loved you!
Covid is the worst thing that has happened i nour generation. There is much political divide but I believe we can be united once again and mend broken bridges that once held this country so high. 
I have a dream that one day this nation will rise up and live out the true meaning of its creed. We hold these truths to be self-evident that all men are created equal.

I have a dream that one day out in the red hills of Georgia the sons of former slaves and the sons of former slaveowners will be able to sit down together at the table of brotherhood.I have a dream that one day even the state of Mississippi, a state sweltering with the heat of oppression, will be transformed into an oasis of freedom and justice.I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by their character.I have a dream that one day down in Alabama, with its vicious racists, with its governor having his lips dripping with the words of interposition and nullification; that one day right down in Alabama little black boys and black girls will be able to join hands with little white boys and white girls as sisters and brothers.I have a dream that one day every valley shall be engulfed, every hill shall be exalted and every mountain shall be made low, the rough places will be made plains and the crooked places will be made straight and the glory of the Lord shall be revealed and all flesh shall see it together.
Now I wish we'd never met 'Cause you're too hard to forget While I'm cleaning up your mess I know he's taking off your dress And I know that you don't But if I ask you if you love me